Ah, these two acres of land are full of rice.
Unfortunately, it is harvested once every six months
It's not even 2,000 bucks.
Is this Shennong tree useful?
Ah, what are you talking about?
Xiao Zhang
Nothing. I once heard of a method.
The crash course.
It allows the growth cycle of plants
drastically shorten
What if it works?
We will harvest much faster than others
Didn't you say that these two acres of land are collected once every six months?
I can't make 2,000 bucks
Right.
Because when you harvest, others harvest as well.
The rice in this market is piled up into mountains
It's strange to be able to sell at a high price
But if you sell it when you're in a hurry
The price must be twice as high.
Then you have the ability?
I'll try that.
But don't let anyone know about this
Including your little sister